Ye Qiang, didn't the senior doctor say just now?
Can your Xuanmen Nine Decades save Grandpa?
He actually connected the Xuanmen Nine Expeditions
Is there no way?
If only Xuanmen Jiu Zheng could have been saved 10 minutes ago
But it's over now.
I'm done
If you don't save, you won't save.
I'm being mysterious here
What about the medical holy wetland?
I think it's just a false name
supper
I seriously doubt your reputation as a doctor wetland
Did you pay for it?
What's your hurry?
I said Xuanmen Jiuzhen can't be saved
I didn't say I couldn't save the half-grandfather
supper
What can you do to save grandpa?
I need the blood of the white man
People in Paihe seek truth
Wake up the white old man
In this way, Mr. Bai is the most helpful
Wonderful, Myota Zhen wakes up
Haha, Mr. Bai's illness has been completely saved.
Must use
Bai Jianding's blood?
I'm not in good health these two days.
And I'm anemic.
Tell the old man that I can't save my blood
I'm not dead either
My senior brother and I can't die here.
I have something else to do
I'll go first